Introduction
############

Why uniform and stlye guide matters
===================================

The Uniform and Style Guide manual presents forth an
adiquate form for the Robotics team to emulate their
outlook towards others and themselves. The reasoning
behind the team "Uniform" T-Shirts is to distinguish
ourselves at competition and have a notable presense
in the community during outreach events. It matters
that the team members are all similar and equal on
the team, which the t-shirts reflect. However
denotion is important for prevelent roles on the
team, and chevron's procure that indiviuality while
staying uniform to the team.

How to use the Uniform and Style Guide manual
=============================================

This guide serves just as a guide, each year change
and admendment towards the teams logos, apparell,
ect. is encouraged, however this guide lays out
a solid baseline for the T-Shirt design, and the
chevron patterns.

Responsability of uniform and style Guide
=========================================

This unfirom and style guide in par with the
Operation manuels rules on Team Apparell (7.10) and
Logo Changing Process (7.9) clearly define the
admending and change of the team uniforms in the
responsibility of the Captain and the Board. Chevron
design and stylized patches also fall towards the
captain and boards approval.

Uniform and style history
================================
 
